Add API Documentation for Multi-Team Tokens (#875)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/api-tokens.mdx

## User API Tokens

API tokens may belong directly to a user. User tokens are the most flexible token type because they inherit permissions from the user they are associated with. For more information on user tokens and how to generate them, see the [Users](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/users#tokens) documentation.

## Team API Tokens

API tokens may belong to a specific team. Team API tokens allow access to the workspaces that the team has access to, without being tied to any specific user.

Navigate to the **Organization Settings > API Tokens > Team Tokens** tab to manage API tokens for a team or create new team tokens.

> Teams can have multiple valid tokens at a time, so long as the tokens' descriptions are unique within the context of the given team. A token without a description is considered a legacy token, and only one, descriptionless token can exist at a given time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Teams can have multiple valid tokens at a time, so long as the tokens' descriptions are unique within the context of the given team. A token without a description is considered a legacy token, and only one legacy token can exist at a given time. If you create a team token without a description, it will replace the existing legacy token if one exists.
```

Is this correct? Just being explicit about the behavior.
